Update variational_inference.md (#1506)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/for-developers/variational_inference.md

# Overview

> In this post we'll have a look at what's know as **variational inference (VI)**, a family of _approximate_ Bayesian inference methods. In particular, we will focus on one of the more standard VI methods called **Automatic Differentation Variational Inference (ADVI)**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this post we'll have a look at what's known as **variational inference (VI)**, a family of _approximate_ Bayesian inference methods. In particular, we will focus on one of the more standard VI methods called **Automatic Differentiation Variational Inference (ADVI)**. 
```
